Make TTAModel compatible with FSDP. (#611)
open-mmlab/mmengine: docs/en/advanced_tutorials/test_time_augmentation.md

# Test time augmentation

> Test time augmentation (TTA) is a data augmentation strategy used during the testing phase. It involves applying various augmentations, such as flipping and scaling, to the same image and then merging the predictions of each augmented image to produce a more accurate prediction. To make it easier for user to use TTA, MMEngine provides [BaseTTAModel](mmengine.model.BaseTTAModel) class, which allows users to implement different TTA strategies by simply extending the `BaseTTAModel` class according to their needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test time augmentation (TTA) is a data augmentation strategy used during the testing phase. It involves applying various augmentations, such as flipping and scaling, to the same image and then merging the predictions of each augmented image to produce a more accurate prediction. To make it easier for users to use TTA, MMEngine provides [BaseTTAModel](mmengine.model.BaseTTAModel) class, which allows users to implement different TTA strategies by simply extending the `BaseTTAModel` class according to their needs.
```

The core implementation of TTA is usually divided into two parts：

> 1. Data augmentation：This part is implemented in MMCV, see the api docs [TestTimeAug](mmcv.transform.TestTimeAug) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Data augmentation: This part is implemented in MMCV, see the API docs [TestTimeAug](mmcv.transform.TestTimeAug) for more information.
```

> 2. Merge the predictions：The subclasses of `BaseTTAModel.test_step` will merge the predictions of enhanced data to a more accurate prediction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Merge the predictions: The subclasses of `BaseTTAModel.test_step` will merge the predictions of enhanced data to a more accurate prediction.
```

Reviewer: The sentence "The subclasses of `BaseTTAModel.test_step`" is not consistent with Chinese documentation.

> 2. Merge the predictions: The subclasses of `BaseTTAModel.test_step` will merge the predictions of enhanced data to a more accurate prediction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Merge the predictions: The subclasses of `BaseTTAModel` will merge the predictions of enhanced data in the `test_step` method to improve the accuracy of predictions.
```

## Get started

> A simple example of TTA is given in [example/test_time_augmentation.py](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/main/examples/test_time_augmentation.py)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple example of TTA is given in [examples/test_time_augmentation.py](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/main/examples/test_time_augmentation.py)
```

Reviewer: Will this file be added to this PR or another PR?

### Prepare test time augmentation pipeline

`BaseTTAModel` needs to be used with `TestTimeAug` implemented in MMCV:

```python
tta_pipeline = [
    dict(type='LoadImageFromFile'),
    dict(
        type='TestTimeAug',
        transforms=[
            [dict(type='Resize', img_scale=(1333, 800), keep_ratio=True)],
            [dict(type='RandomFlip', flip_ratio=0.),
                dict(type='RandomFlip', flip_ratio=1.)],
            [dict(type='PackXXXInputs', keys=['img'])],
        ])
]
```

> It means that each resized image will be flipped, and enhanced into two images during test phase.

Reviewer: Need to refine this sentence.

> ### Define the merge strategy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Define the merging strategy
```

Author: "Merge strategy" is a reasonable verbal noun phrase.

> Commonly, users only need to inherit `BaseTTAModel` and override the `BaseTTAModel.merge_preds` to merge the predictions of enhanced data. `merge_preds` accept a list of enhanced batch data, and each element of the list means the enhanced single data of the batch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commonly, users only need to inherit `BaseTTAModel` and override the `BaseTTAModel.merge_preds` to merge the predictions of enhanced data. `merge_preds` accepts a list of enhanced batch data, and each element of the list means the enhanced single data of the batch.
```
